So we made sure that we listen to requests to just slash nothing and that we return some html code
with our input field on it.
Now when we click that send button, we send a post request to /message but we're not doing anything
with that, time to change that.
Let's add another if statement here
and let's check if the url is equal to message and let's add another condition and that condition is
that I want to be sure that we're not handling a get request but a post request here,
so let's also parse the method from request method and make sure that method is equal to post.
Now we'll only enter this if statement if we have a post request to /message which happens to be
exactly what we create with this form.
In this case, I want to do two things, I want to redirect the user back to slash nothing,
so not leave him on /message
and I want to create a new file and store the message the user entered in it.
Now this involves a couple of things,
let's start with redirecting and creating that file.
We actually already worked with a file in the first core section
and do you remember how that worked?
Feel free to go along on your own if you know that. We need another package, another core module
and that was the file system core module.
So let's import it by storing the functionality in a constant,
you can name it however you want,
I'll name it
fs
because the package is named fs but you can also name this differently.
This, not the package, just the constant. So fs allows us to work with the file system
and here I now want to write a new file,
so here let's execute write file and write file takes a path to the file and I'll just use the file name
to create it in the same folder as app.js and I'll simply name it message.text and in there, I obviously
want to store what the user sent.
Now this is a little bit more work, so for now let's just put some dummy text in there and let's redirect
the user.  Now
important,
we should actually use write file sync for now and I'll explain what the difference to write file which
also exists is in a while,
so let's use write file sync for now.
Now write
head which basically allows us to write some meta information in one go and then we set a status
code of 302 which stands for redirection
and then we pass a javascript object with some headers
we want to set and you could also do this in two steps
by the way, you can also set the status code to 302 and then simply have, whoops set header
And there we set the location,
this is also a default header accepted by the browser
and we set that location to just slash and I will automatically use the host
we're already running on
and then we have to call res end. And important, as before return this so that we don't execute these
lines otherwise we will get an error.
Now let's restart our file here
and make sure to go back to slash nothing and reload that page with the input field and send any value
and you should simply reload that in the end because you get redirected here but you can see that redirect
here in the network tab of the developer tools, here 302 indicates we send a request to message and we
were redirected to localhost.
So this is working
and we also got the message text with dummy inside of it.
Now let's also get rid of that though
and let's work on actually parsing the data
the user sent us and writing that data into that file.